at ces it's often the big name tvs cars
and computer components that get the
headlines but today we're going to look
at some of the weirder yet still
wonderful tech that we've encountered so
far first up is a product that might fit
into the class of description of
solution looking for a problem the sauce
slider so the idea here is that you've
squirted some ketchup or mayo or
whatever weird saucy concoction onto a
plate but you end up needing more of it
somewhere else because reason the sauce
slider robot will deploy teflon
spatula-like plate to quickly scoop up
the wayward sauce without even changing
its shape to neatly deposit it on the
dish of your choosing indeed the sauce
slider seeks to solve one of the most
harrowing problems of our time no word
yet on pricing or availability which i
know is disappointing to all of you
speaking of scraping up food something
that might be slightly more appealing to
gourmets among us is the racelit robot
in case you're not familiar with racelet
it's a method of preparing melted cheese
that involves heating up an entire half
wheel of the stuff until it becomes
gooey then scraping it onto a dish
unsurprisingly the cheeseball comes from
switzerland and might one day provide a
well-earned reprieve from waiters and
fancy restaurants everywhere or just put
them out of work next up are you feeling
lonely but don't want a pet because of
allergies the exorbitant pet deposit or
just because they're pretty smelly
little things well yuki engineering
thinks it has the product for you with
petite kubu it's a glorified pillow with
pet like fur and a wagging tail but
disturbingly enough no head so you'll
just have to look past that minor detail
although the original kubu might have
been out for a while the petite version
is small enough to put into a bag and
take with you anywhere so you can have
plenty of stairs while you're painting
it on the subway or like on a plane or
you know just have it in your lap in the
car you should be able to get your own
at the end of 2020. now onto the quick
bits presented by seasonic thanks to
seasonic for sponsoring today's video
your psu is the heart of your system see
sonic is a leader in this category
offering efficient psus and outstanding
performance if you need a power supply
for your build or a replacement or
upgrade check out seasonic learn more
about their products online through the
links below and now on to the quick bits
let's say you want a cuddly robot that
actually has a face
in that case you might want instead to
look at the lava from groov x although
we did see lava at ces 2019 that version
was just a prototype this year it's
ready for prime time with visitors
getting a glimpse of the finished
product that will actually be available
at retail it will roll around your house
and wave its arms when it wants to be
played with and is also app connected to
enable additional functionality even
taking photos of its surroundings so it
can actually help keep your home a bit
safer the downside is that you can only
currently get it in japan and it costs
nearly 2 800 bucks u.s
that was loud and that's before the
monthly subscription fee between 83 and
depending on what features you want for
that kind of money i wonder if tinder
gold would be an easier and more
satisfying way to meet your cuddling
needs but if you already have an actual
living small creature crawling around
your house namely a baby human procter
gamble has decided it wants to sell you
a smart diaper or at least a smart
diaper attachment it's called lumioid
pampers and it's a video camera plus app
connected sensor that you stick on your
kids diaper it'll keep up with your
baby's sleeping habits but perhaps more
importantly you'll get notifications
when the diaper has become dirty and
needs changing
i guess in life it's better to get bad
news sooner rather than later of course
when you think bathrooms you also think
food
no
those
those happen at different times that's
pretty gross anyway the company cooking
pal is out to make your life easier with
an all-in-one type kitchen contraption
that's called julia it's a robotic food
processor like appliance that can also
weigh chop cook and steam your food for
you and even self-cleans it comes with a
tablet they use not only for control but
also to follow along with recipes get
ideas based on what you have on hand and
order groceries expect to see julia on
the market in fall this year for less
than a thousand bucks or so another
gadget from the department of laziness
is the ovus suitcase from forward x
robotics the idea here is pretty simple
it's a motorized suitcase that will
follow you around the airport using
artificial intelligence it can also
navigate hotels and city streets and
even smart enough to stop at escalators
and dodge obstacles the suitcase also
works with a smart wristband that will
let the user know when it gets too far
away and it even comes with gps to help
you recover it if you lose it completely
although it's not cheap at 800 us
dollars it also doesn't appear to be a
pie in the sky concept you can get your
hands on one right now at fort x's
website to wrap things up how about a
printer for your face it's another
proctor gamble product called opti and
the idea is that it can precisely cover
up blemishes on your face such as moles
scars and unwanted freckles to do this
it scans your skin with a small camera
and uses 120 tiny inkjet nozzles to
shoot pigment in very precise areas over
time the serum and the pigment is
supposed to help blemishes become less
noticeable and fade away you can get it
in the summer for 600 bucks and like a
real printer replacement cartridges are
expensive going for around a hundred
dollars a pop something that will just
never change did you know that squid ink
is cheaper than printer ink you can just
buy whole squids it's cheaper so that's
it for our roundup of the wildest tech
we've seen this year make sure to come
back tomorrow while not tomorrow on
monday for
you know just normal tech linked and i
don't know dennis do you want to hit up
the wheel yeah let's go let's go watch
me win come watch i don't want to gamble